the task system is the main core of the whole application
as the whole application is based on creating task and assign them to workstations 
users get their tasks through task steps and change the state of those steps, recording time.

the whole though flow is as follows:

users that are sellers can create tasks, assigning item, issues and upholstery, plus the other task fields, the seller only creates task that are not assigned to any working station.

users that are managers can take a created task and ssign it to a working station, and also can create a task and assign it directly to a working station, the manager can also update the task fields and assign or unassign item, issues and upholstery. 

users that are workers can only update the state of the task steps and record time, they can not update any other field of the task or assign or unassign item, issues or upholstery.

the users that are managers can see the whole task process.
when an task step are all finish the task is ready, 

managers and sellers can see the tasks that are ready ( filtration of task ). 

managers, sellers and external applications can mark the task as resolved, meaning the task is fully completed, it was either given to the costumer or taken to be sold at the shop. 

the tasks can be return, internal, pre_order, return and pre_order are task created by the seller as this types imply an item was sold and has comeback to the workshop to be repaired or refurbished 

internal tasks are created by the manager or seller also and imply that an item has issues that needs to be fixed. 

the incoming task can have costumer as null meaning no costumer will be linked nor created to the task. when costumer is present we use the create or link command that already exist for costumer, but the incoming costumer data is used on the snapshot on the task. missing values can be filled by the linked costumer. 

task priority is used to order the tasks in the working station, the higher the priority the sooner it should be taken by the worker, this is a field that only manager and seller can update and set.

working sections have dependencies this should be reflected in the task step, this dependencies are used to make sure that the task steps are done in the right order, for example if a task has 3 steps and the second step is dependent on the first step, then the worker can not start the second step until the first step is finished.

a manager can assign or unassign a working station from a task.

task steps record the time from each state, we have records standarized through the aggrageteMetric... tables, the recording of this counts and times is done to the task step, task, user daily work stats, user life time stats, user section daily work, working section daily work . this transaction should be centralized and optimized as much as possible to avoid performance issues, we can use the outbox pattern to record the metrics in an async way, but the recording of the time and counts should be done in a transaction that includes the update of the task step state and the task state if needed, this is to avoid inconsistencies in the data.


the readiness_status on the task step is to reflect the depenencies between the task steps, if a task step is ready it means that all the dependencies are finished and the worker can start working on it, if a task step is not ready it means that there are still dependencies that are not finished and the worker can not start working on it. the readiness can be partial as a step can have multiple dependencies and some of them can be finished and some not, in that case the readiness status should reflect that.

total_dependencies and completed_dependencies are used to calculate the readiness status of the task step, if total_dependencies is 0 then the task step is ready, if total_dependencies is greater than 0 and completed_dependencies is equal to total_dependencies then the task step is ready, if total_dependencies is greater than 0 and completed_dependencies is less than total_dependencies then the task step is not ready.

recorded_time_marked_wrong is meant to represent when a user has marked wrong start end states, for instance it started a task step and forgot to pause it when it went for lunch, thus at the frontend the user can send the time is not accurate, thus the system should mark that, that record will notbe used for metrics calculations but it will be useful for the managers to see when the time recorded is not accurate and take that into account when making decisions based on the metrics. when that happnes the system should take the average time on other similar task steps to calculate the metrics, this is to avoid that the metrics are affected by wrong time recordings, when that happnes we record that at taken_from_average 


